c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\MVCIocExample.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\MVCIocExample.Tests.dll
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\MVCIocExample.Tests.pdb
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\MVCIocExample.dll
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\MVCIocExample.pdb
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\obj\Debug\MVCIocExample.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\obj\Debug\MVCIocExample.Tests.dll
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\obj\Debug\MVCIocExample.Tests.pdb
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\Unity.Mvc3.dll
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\acejudo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVCIocExample\MVCIocExample.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
